docs: clarify CORS (#2283)
ory/docs: docs/hydra/guides/cors.mdx

      allowed_origins:
        - https://example.com
        - https://*.example.com
  public:
    cors:
      enabled: true
      allowed_origins:
        - https://example.com
        - https://*.example.com
```

### OAuth 2.0 Authoriaztion endpoint

The **authorization endpoint** (`/oauth2/auth`) never supports CORS. Browsers call this endpoint directly, not through AJAX, so
CORS is unnecessary and unsafe.

> ### OAuth 2.0 Token Endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### OAuth 2.0 token endpoint
```

> The **token**, **userinfo**, and **revocation** endpoints (`/oauth2/token`, `/userinfo`, `/oauth2/revoke`) allow requests from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The token, userinfo, and revocation endpoints (`/oauth2/token`, `/userinfo`, `/oauth2/revoke`) allow requests from
```

}
```

> This client can make CORS requests to `/oauth2/token` from `https://foo-bar.com/`, even if that origin is not listed in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This client can make CORS requests to `/oauth2/token` from `https://foo-bar.com/`, even if that origin isn't listed in
```

`public.cors.allowed_origins`.

::: note

> For **preflight (OPTIONS) requests**, you must also configure the origin in the global CORS settings. OPTIONS requests don’t

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For preflight (OPTIONS) requests, you must also configure the origin in the global CORS settings. OPTIONS requests don’t
```

> include authorization headers, so Hydra cannot resolve which OAuth 2.0 client is making the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include authorization headers, so Hydra can't resolve which OAuth 2.0 client is making the request.
```
